Rework docker image build (#2344)
elyra-ai/elyra: etc/docker/elyra/README.md

{% endcomment %}
-->

### Elyra Docker Image

Builds the Elyra image for use as standalone or with JupyterHub.

See [Deploying Elyra and JupyterHub in a Kubernetes environment](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/recipes/deploying-elyra-in-a-jupyterhub-environment.html#deploying-elyra-jupyterhub-in-a-kubernetes-environment)

#### Building a custom container image

To build a custom version of this container image:
1. Clone this repository

> 2. Build the image using the `Dockerfile` in the `kubeflow/notebooks` directory:

Reviewer: The directory reference appears to be invalid

```suggestion
2. Build the image using the `Dockerfile` in the `etc/docker/elyra` directory:
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/pull/2344/commits/c5e17124f04ab5d2016ceb558cda1281e146ca12
